[TOGETHER] This is the tale
of our last crusade.
c0000001
[ISKA] Or...
c0000002
[ALICE]
The rise of a new world.
c0000003
[MALE FRONT DESK CLERK 201A]
Thank you for your business.
c0000004
Safe travels!
c0000005
[footsteps]
c0000006
[ALICE]
Sisbell! There you are!
c0000007
Can I help you?
c0000008
[SISBELL]
What do you want, Alice?
c0000009
We're going home now!
c0000010
After the battle,
it's not safe.
c0000011
I will not return.
c0000012
Sisbell...we're going back!
c0000013
-Back off!
-[gasps]
c0000014
I'll be fine,
I have a bodyguard.
c0000015
♪
c0000016
-A bodyguard?
-[chuckles]
c0000017
You mean Schwartz?
c0000018
Quit meddling
in my affairs, sister!
c0000019
Mother is worried
about you, Sisbell!
c0000020
[SISBELL]
I know.
c0000021
Which is why I need you
to deliver this letter to her.
c0000022
Well, aren't you prepared?
c0000023
You're not just
my sister anymore.
c0000024
We're rivals, now!
c0000025
We're competing for the crown,
and my knight in shining armor.
c0000026
I refuse to yield!
c0000027
[footsteps]
c0000028
[gasps]
Wait! This bodyguard of yours.
c0000029
If it isn't Schwartz,
don't tell me
c0000030
you're talking about Iska?
c0000031
[gasps]
c0000032
Is something wrong?
c0000033
Oh, uh, it's nothing.
c0000034
Hey, guys, check this out.
c0000035
Our battle...it's on the news.
c0000036
♪
c0000037
[JHIN] After countless
brushes with death,
c0000038
we finally catch a break,
and then this happens.
c0000039
I'm so sorry.
c0000040
Why are you sitting
on your heels?
c0000041
[ISKA]
It's an expression of shame.
c0000042
Don't feel bad.
c0000043
The Sovereignty attacked us
outside of the battlefield.
c0000044
And of course, the witch Iska
set free a year ago
c0000045
just so happened
to be at this resort.
c0000046
God, what are the chances?
c0000047
It really was a coincidence.
No way we could have known.
c0000048
[JHIN]
You got that right.
c0000049
If it wasn't coincidence,
that means we dropped the ball
c0000050
and got tailed.
c0000051
And I don't remember
screwing up.
c0000052
Well, if the Masked Lord
is on the hunt for that witch.
c0000053
I guess this
is the safest place to be.
c0000054
[ISKA]
Yeah, and for all we know,
c0000055
she may have
already fled the nation.
c0000056
[JHIN]
We can only hope.
c0000057
Hm?
c0000058
Hey, why isn't
the boss back yet?
c0000059
Hm?
Oh, I can go find her!
c0000060
[NENE]
I think I know where she is,
c0000061
so it shouldn't take long.
c0000062
See you later!
I'll be back!
c0000063
[MILLAVAIR] You are the one
who leaked the intel
c0000064
that divulged
Sisbell's location.
c0000065
Is that right?
c0000066
Speak now, and be honest.
c0000067
Are you the real Elletear,
or a fraud?
c0000068
[laughs]
c0000069
You can't be serious,
Your Majesty, is this a joke?
c0000070
There's no need
to look that solemn
c0000071
when you're saying
something so funny.
c0000072
Sisbell was carrying out
a highly classified assignment.
c0000073
[MILLAVAIR] I was acting under
the suspicion that Alsamira
c0000074
had connections
with the Empire.
c0000075
And somehow, the Zoa were aware
of the plan the next day.
c0000076
[smirks]
c0000077
The royal families
of the Sovereignty
c0000078
are not without
our domestic conflicts.
c0000079
All three factions
competing for one throne,
c0000080
what could go wrong?
c0000081
So you understand the dynamics
of the three families?
c0000082
Yes, of course.
c0000083
The Lou are pacifists, wishing
to avoid bloody conflict
c0000084
with the Empire.
c0000085
Like witches of the same coven,
the Hydra have acted
c0000086
as loyal advisers
and supporters
c0000087
of the Queen's campaign.
c0000088
But the Zoa, they're different.
c0000089
Ruthless extremists who wish
to destroy the Empire,
c0000090
no matter the cost.
c0000091
The relationship
between Zoa and Lou
c0000092
is one fraught
with tribulation.
c0000093
[MILLAVAIR] If you are indeed
the real Elletear,
c0000094
you would never be complicit in
revealing Sisbell's location.
c0000095
[laughs]
c0000096
[ELLETEAR] [laughing]
I can't do it.
c0000097
This is too much,
Your Majesty, or should I say.
c0000098
My majesty's imposter,
whoever you are.
c0000099
What an impressive recreation.
c0000100
You may have been
able to fool Alice.
c0000101
Hell, Sisbell would've
fallen for it too.
c0000102
Please, dear,
haven't we danced enough?
c0000103
♪
c0000104
How? How were you
able to tell it wasn't her?
c0000105
We astral power wielders
recognize our own.
c0000106
Although.
Your grasp is far superior.
c0000107
-It's not!
-I'm quite envious.
c0000108
[gasps]
c0000109
Easy, now, the girl was
acting under my orders.
c0000110
Please do try to forgive her.
c0000111
[giggles]
c0000112
Do not fret,
I had a lovely time.
c0000113
We're on watch,
I had to make sure
c0000114
it was the real you.
c0000115
I knew you would see
through the façade.
c0000116
[RIN]
Lady Alice, slow down!
c0000117
Running through this hall
is strictly forbidden!
c0000118
[ALICE] Hands off,
this is an emergency!
c0000119
Your Majesty!
It's Sisbell!
c0000120
I must speak to you at once!
c0000121
[MISMIS]
Ah,
c0000122
this is the life.
c0000123
I knew you'd be here.
c0000124
[NENE]
What about your training?
c0000125
Oh, hey, Nene!
c0000126
I'm already finished with that.
c0000127
I worked up a mean sweat
at the gym.
c0000128
And then, I took an
extended dip in the pool, so...
c0000129
-Captain.
-Huh?
c0000130
-I can see your bits.
-[screams]
c0000131
Don't feel too bad about it.
c0000132
Where I come from, we call
people like you exhibitionists.
c0000133
[SISBELL]
She's exactly right.
c0000134
-[both gasp]
-You're fully exposed.
c0000135
And I mean, everything.
c0000136
I'll show you.
c0000137
[both gasping]
c0000138
Come on!
What was that?
c0000139
Oh, I'm so sorry.
c0000140
Luckily, for you two
c0000141
I may have brought
just the thing.
c0000142
The bandages made
in the Empire are limited.
c0000143
They do work.
c0000144
but they don't hide
the astral energy
c0000145
that's invisible
to the naked eye.
c0000146
[SISBELL]
May I?
c0000147
♪
c0000148
Hey! Wait!
c0000149
Hmm.
c0000150
I shall wait
for you in the cafe.
c0000151
What's Elletear doing here?
c0000152
I suspect it'd be difficult
to talk about Sisbell
c0000153
with me in the room.
c0000154
After all,
I am a "suspect," aren't I?
c0000155
Hmm.
Please excuse me, Your Majesty.
c0000156
♪
c0000157
Ah?
c0000158
[MILLAVAIR]
Alice? What's wrong, dear?
c0000159
[ALICE] I have a letter
that's addressed to you.
c0000160
We're in a bit
of a predicament here.
c0000161
It seems Sisbell has been
accused of having connections
c0000162
with the Empire.
c0000163
[MILLAVAIR]
By Masked Lord, of all people.
c0000164
Correct.
c0000165
This is the perfect opportunity
for the House of Zoa
c0000166
to win the election.
c0000167
Regardless, why hasn't Sisbell
c0000168
returned to the
Sovereignty yet?
c0000169
She's taking
another route home,
c0000170
and we thought
it would be unwise
c0000171
to travel together,
My Lady, so...
c0000172
I shall send royal guards.
c0000173
This letter, it mentions
something of note.
c0000174
It says that Sisbell met
the Imperial soldier
c0000175
who saved her a year ago,
at Alsamira.
c0000176
[MILLAVAIR]
Alice, you don't happen to know
c0000177
anything about this person,
do you?
c0000178
-No, I do not.
-[groans]
c0000179
He wasn't in Alsamira,
or the battlefield,
c0000180
or in any neutral cities.
c0000181
I don't know, Rin, is there
anywhere else I forgot?
c0000182
[RIN] It's probably best
you forget how to speak.
c0000183
What I'm trying to say,
c0000184
is I don't know a damn thing,
Your Majesty!
c0000185
How could I know
anything about Iska?
c0000186
He is Imperial, after all.
c0000187
Yes, right away, ma'am.
c0000188
I appreciate your willingness
to meet with me.
c0000189
[SISBELL]
Captain Mismis,
c0000190
Iska, Nene.
c0000191
And you too, Jhin.
c0000192
Yeah, good job
knowing our names.
c0000193
What do you want from us?
c0000194
Wouldn't you like
to sit down first?
c0000195
[JHIN]
Where would you prefer I sit?
c0000196
[SISBELL]
Right here.
c0000197
Unless you are afraid to do so,
I am a witch.
c0000198
I'll sit wherever
it pleases you,
c0000199
if you have some useful info.
c0000200
Tell us what you want first.
c0000201
Uh, ma'am, sorry.
c0000202
I thought you'd be far away
from here by now.
c0000203
I'll leave,
I plan on returning home soon.
c0000204
Along with all of you.
'Kay?
c0000205
[all gasping]
c0000206
-Huh?
-Wait, what?
c0000207
I would like for you three
to escort me.
c0000208
You'll be my hired guards,
c0000209
to defend me from astral
power forces on the trip home.
c0000210
-What?!
c0000211
[JHIN]
No freakin' way.
c0000212
If the command center finds out
c0000213
we're protecting
the Sovereignty,
c0000214
we might as well retire.
c0000215
-Nice try.
-[JHIN] What?
c0000216
The truth is you don't
want them to find out
c0000217
Captain Mismis here is a witch.
c0000218
-You know about that?
-[SISBELL] Yes.
c0000219
This rare material
is called nebula.
c0000220
The Empire doesn't have
anything even close to this.
c0000221
It can hide astral energy.
c0000222
Whoa.
c0000223
[SISBELL]
If you agree to protect me
c0000224
on my return
to the Sovereignty,
c0000225
this bandage is yours.
c0000226
I'm not asking you to betray
the Empire for me.
c0000227
My enemies are from my nation.
c0000228
They are astral mages
from my home.
c0000229
So, it's only natural
for Imperial forces
c0000230
to fight against them.
c0000231
-Isn't that right, Captain?
-I, uh... I can't answer that.
c0000232
-Fine, we're in.
-Okay, that's enough.
c0000233
[ISKA] If that's what it takes,
you have a deal, Sisbell.
c0000234
Iska? Nene?
Stand down!
c0000235
We are all in agreement.
c0000236
I know you couldn't approve
a mission to protect the enemy.
c0000237
So, there's no need to worry,
we chose this on our own!
c0000238
We won't do anything
to the detriment of the Empire.
c0000239
[JHIN] We'll only fight back
if the astral mages attack.
c0000240
If the Imperial army
decides to come after you,
c0000241
you're on your own.
c0000242
I'd expect no less.
c0000243
This is just
a business transaction.
c0000244
We'll protect you
for 30 days, tops.
c0000245
-Sound good?
-[SISBELL] Yes, it does.
c0000246
I've got one last
question, though.
c0000247
Why are they after you, anyway?
c0000248
[sighs]
c0000249
If I don't return
to the Queen's Palace,
c0000250
then full-scale war breaks out
c0000251
between the Sovereignty
and the Empire.
c0000252
Full-scale--
c0000253
The conflict would end
with the total annihilation
c0000254
of the planet.
c0000255
Which is why I must
return home, at once.
c0000256
But how can you be so sure?
c0000257
I am a retainer for the Queen.
c0000258
Someone seeks to overthrow
the current regime.
c0000259
[SISBELL] Their goal is to
start a war with the Empire.
c0000260
Is it Lord Mask?
c0000261
[SISBELL]
He is one of the suspects, yes.
c0000262
I'm on a special mission.
c0000263
My goal is to find the traitor.
c0000264
That's why all these
mages are after me.
c0000265
Allow me to take care
of the bill tonight.
c0000266
Please consider this
a token of our friendship.
c0000267
You're the only person
that ordered anything.
c0000268
-Shall we head out, then?
-Did you hear what I said?
c0000269
[RIN] Lady Alice, should you
really be lounging around
c0000270
in here like this?
c0000271
What's the issue?
I'm on a bed.
c0000272
[RIN] The issue is that
this bed happens to be
c0000273
in Lady Sisbell's room.
c0000274
I can't help but wonder
what Sisbell might be
c0000275
doing right now.
c0000276
[RIN]
We will know soon enough.
c0000277
Your Majesty's guards
are on their way
c0000278
to provide protection.
c0000279
[sighs]
c0000280
Are you baiting me?
c0000281
Fine, then, I shall
take the bait.
c0000282
What is that big sigh about?
c0000283
The question is,
what's not to sigh about?
c0000284
All these dumb, formal meetings
that I am forced to attend,
c0000285
big-sisterly worry over
my errant younger sibling,
c0000286
and the matter with Elletear
weighs on my mind, as well.
c0000287
Seems like I hardly have time
for my own thoughts these days.
c0000288
You do skip many
of those meetings, though.
c0000289
-[grunts]
-Forgive my insolence.
c0000290
Never mind that I have
to fight the Saint Disciples,
c0000291
protect the Sovereignty.
c0000292
I'll have to fight
the strongest
c0000293
ex-Saint Disciple swordsman,
too, no doubt,
c0000294
and what about the times
when I'd fight with him
c0000295
in other ways, then we'd go
to the opera, eat pasta,
c0000296
and gallivant around like we're
best friends, it's too much--
c0000297
[RIN] I have to say it,
you keep talking about
c0000298
that one swordsman.
c0000299
[gasps]
Oh, come off it!
c0000300
[ALICE] Iska is my enemy,
and I speak of him as such!
c0000301
I shall not show mercy when
we meet on the battlefield!
c0000302
I am glad to hear it,
Lady Alice.
c0000303
[ALICE] Iska and I have
no choice but to fight!
c0000304
Sisbell has some nerve to say
c0000305
he's her "knight
in shining armor..."
c0000306
Wait a minute!
c0000307
You don't think...
c0000308
No, she can't be
with Iska right now.
c0000309
-I will not stand for that!
-[RIN] Lady Alice,
c0000310
please pull yourself together!
c0000311
[wind howling]
c0000312
Listen up,
we must remain on high alert.
c0000313
Who knows where Masked Lord's
assassins might be hiding?
c0000314
You are sitting
way too close to Iska!
c0000315
[ISKA]
Ahh.
c0000316
Ah, but fate
has brought us together.
c0000317
I feel our dynamic
makes for a good
c0000318
master-servant relationship.
c0000319
I'm sorry?
What are you on about?
c0000320
Don't forget
Iska is my subordinate!
c0000321
-Just a bodyguard.
-Oh, yes, that's correct.
c0000322
I do apologize.
c0000323
And anyway, Iska is my friend!
c0000324
You can't have him all for
yourself, share him!
c0000325
You both forget
that I am not one of you.
c0000326
[both growling]
c0000327
You've no clue...
c0000328
how reassuring this is.
c0000329
All I've had is Schwartz.
I just feel so relieved.
c0000330
[both sighing]
c0000331
[sighs]
c0000332
Fine, have him,
but just this once!
c0000333
I guess it can't be helped.
c0000334
Sisbell,
I just want to be clear.
c0000335
Once this guard detail ends,
so does our relationship.
c0000336
[ISKA] We'll be enemies
on the battlefield.
c0000337
You understand this, right?
c0000338
[SISBELL]
Of course.
c0000339
Even if just during
the escort, I appreciate it.
c0000340
I am so grateful you're here.
c0000341
I hope you can feel it.
c0000342
[car revving]
c0000343
We'll be heading
to the Sovereignty indirectly.
c0000344
It's necessary,
if we're to have any hope
c0000345
of avoiding Zoa's detection.
c0000346
As such, I recommend
that we spend the night here.
c0000347
A very wise choice, Schwartz.
c0000348
Also, I am simply famished.
c0000349
Iska!
c0000350
We have so many restaurants
to choose from!
c0000351
[SISBELL]
Where would you like to eat?
c0000352
♪
c0000353
We're your guards, aren't we?
c0000354
So, we'll go
wherever you decide to eat.
c0000355
And another thing...
c0000356
since you seem
to be feeling better,
c0000357
could you let go of my arm?
c0000358
Oh, of course.
c0000359
[giggles]
But let's hug, instead!
c0000360
[TOGETHER] It's just a mission,
it's just a mission
c0000361
it's just a mission,
it's just a mission.
c0000362
It's just a mission,
it's just a mission
c0000363
You two aren't disguising
your murderous intent.
c0000364
I have an idea, Iska.
c0000365
I want you to try and guess
my absolute favorite food.
c0000366
And that is what we all
shall have for dinner tonight.
c0000367
Your favorite?
c0000368
[SISBELL] [giggles]
Are you stumped?
c0000369
If it's too hard, I can make it
a multiple choice...
c0000370
-Pasta.
-[gasps]
c0000371
And that's right!
How did you possibly guess?
c0000372
A hunch.
c0000373
[giggles]
c0000374
[ISKA]
These two. Sisters for sure.
c0000375
♪
c0000376
I wonder how she is.
c0000377
♪
c0000378
Alice.
c0000379
[ALICE] Maybe I should've
dragged her back here with me
c0000380
against her will.
c0000381
[RIN]
Lady Alice,
c0000382
I apologize
for disturbing you so late.
c0000383
-Is something wrong?
-You have a guest here.
c0000384
Would you like for me
to send him away?
c0000385
Yes, of course.
c0000386
How rude to come at this hour.
c0000387
[ALICE]
Tell me. Who is it?
c0000388
[RIN]
It's Masked Lord.
c0000389
[ON (MASKED LORD)]
Apologies.
c0000390
I'm aware
how uncouth it is of me
c0000391
to call upon you
at such an uncivilized hour.
c0000392
It's fine.
So what brings you here?
c0000393
Have you heard the talk?
c0000394
Lady Sisbell may have forged
connections with the Empire?
c0000395
-Surely, you have.
-We've not.
c0000396
If she is indeed working
with an Imperial soldier,
c0000397
that would equal treason.
c0000398
[ON (MASKED LORD)] It would
mean the Queen's downfall,
c0000399
and yours, too, as a princess.
c0000400
Sisbell cannot be
connected to the Empire.
c0000401
They're just rumors.
c0000402
[smirks]
Oh?
c0000403
Then you won't object
to investigating it together?
c0000404
Letting the results
speak for themselves?
c0000405
[smirks]
c0000406
No objections here.
c0000407
Phew,
we made into the Sovereignty.
c0000408
[sighs]
c0000409
See?
Just as I promised.
c0000410
I told you there was nothing
to be worried about.
c0000411
I'm not sure
you ought to be so glad
c0000412
your borders
are this easy to cross.
c0000413
[ISKA] And what if they
demanded an astral power trial?
c0000414
Then I would have shouted
at them to leave us alone.
c0000415
Of course,
if they'd found us out,
c0000416
it would've been a nightmare.
c0000417
[awkward chuckle]
c0000418
And I'm desperate.
c0000419
I've little choice.
c0000420
Our palace is a vipers' nest.
c0000421
I must protect the Queen.
c0000422
-Vipers, huh?
-Mm, huh.
c0000423
I'm sorry,
I shouldn't have said that.
c0000424
Hmm.
c0000425
[SISBELL] What are you
thinking, Iska? Tell me.
c0000426
Oh, it's nothing.
c0000427
I just noticed that cafes seem
to be the same in every nation.
c0000428
100 years ago,
astral mages fled the Empire
c0000429
and founded a new nation.
c0000430
This, the Nebulis Sovereignty.
c0000431
[SISBELL] We share the same
roots, and we always will.
c0000432
We've more in common than not.
c0000433
Our language and culture
are the same.
c0000434
The main difference
is that everyone in this city
c0000435
is an astral mage.
c0000436
Every person that you see.
c0000437
[ISKA]
Even that girl in the cafe.
c0000438
She could be a formidable
astral mage powerful enough
c0000439
to subdue Imperial soldiers.
c0000440
[ISKA] That's why the Empire
persecuted them.
c0000441
Branded them as heretics,
"witches" and "demons."
c0000442
It was all done in fear.
c0000443
♪
c0000444
Security seems tight here.
c0000445
Do you think that
they're on the lookout
c0000446
for Imperial soldiers?
c0000447
No, it's something else.
c0000448
There's a province-wide
patrol detail
c0000449
to track down a criminal.
c0000450
They're out looking
for an escapee on the lam.
c0000451
So, they have more than the
Imperial army to worry about.
c0000452
Some people in the Empire
misuse guns
c0000453
and other weapons, right?
c0000454
Well, not all astral mages
are well-intentioned, you know.
c0000455
This criminal is the worst.
c0000456
He is extremely dangerous,
a demon named Salinger.
c0000457
What did you just say?
c0000458
♪
c0000459
[SISBELL]
Hello? Iska?
c0000460
Where did you go?
What just happened?
c0000461
A lot of things, but let's just
focus on the here and now,
c0000462
and getting you home.
c0000463
[ISKA] How do you propose
we reach the palace?
c0000464
The Central Province
seems so far away.
c0000465
Good question!
c0000466
This is where the real
challenge begins!
c0000467
[water splashing]
c0000468
[ALICE] What?
You mean she's coming here?
c0000469
Thank you for the shower.
c0000470
-So then, where is Sisbell?
-On the move.
c0000471
She did pass
the border checkpoint,
c0000472
and entered
the Sovereignty today.
c0000473
[ALICE] Was it just the two
of them? Her and Schwartz?
c0000474
[RIN]
No, she's with four others
c0000475
who are acting
as her bodyguards.
c0000476
She claims they're mercenaries
she hired in Alsamira.
c0000477
I've nothing but admiration.
c0000478
Are you telling me
that Sisbell hired them?
c0000479
♪
c0000480
It is impressive,
Lady Alice, quite so, indeed.
c0000481
[ALICE] I'm sorry, what are
you talking about right now?
c0000482
[RIN]
Her Majesty wishes you
c0000483
to travel
to Riesbarten at once.
c0000484
In order to protect
Lady Sisbell.
c0000485
Wait, just me?
c0000486
Surely Masked Lord
will tag along.
c0000487
[RIN] Her Majesty will hold
a Three-Founding-Family
c0000488
conference tomorrow.
c0000489
To keep Masked Lord
of the Zoa here.
c0000490
Aa-ha, and that will be
our chance to slip away, smart!
c0000491
Oh, but, won't it
look suspicious
c0000492
if I don't attend this meeting?
c0000493
Lady Elletear
can be there in your stead.
c0000494
Right as always.
c0000495
Honestly, I don't know
what that impudent brat
c0000496
could possibly be thinking.
c0000497
Nonetheless,
she is still my sister.
c0000498
I'm bound to help her,
at all costs.
c0000499
[SISBELL]
We've only just begun.
c0000500
This is where
the real mind game starts.
c0000501
The moment
I crossed the border,
c0000502
they were notified of my
presence in the Sovereignty.
c0000503
Elletear or Alice,
quite possibly both of them.
c0000504
They're traitors
connected to...
c0000505
and likely conspiring with...
the House of Zoa.
c0000506
Even worse,
it's highly probable
c0000507
that they've joined forces
with that monster.
c0000508
If I am captured,
I will be imprisoned,
c0000509
or otherwise silenced.
c0000510
Mother is the only one
I can trust.
c0000511
That is why I needed him.
A protector.
c0000512
I would do anything...
c0000513
I'd even resort
to seducing him...
c0000514
in the name
of protecting this nation.
c0000515
Even if he sees me
as nothing but a filthy witch.
c0000516
But truthfully, Mother,
there is a freedom in this.
c0000517
In throwing myself at someone.
c0000518
A sense of relief.
c0000519
At this moment...
c0000520
it seems...
c0000521
all I have is Iska.
c0000522
How wonderful would it be?
c0000523
If I could stay
with him forever?
c0000524
Astral spirits...
c0000525
I ask for your guidance.
c0000526
Where is your servant?
c0000527
It is still pretty early.
c0000528
[SISBELL] He just left
for the Central Province.
c0000529
Schwartz's astral power
makes him well suited
c0000530
for covert missions.
c0000531
We should have an audience
with the Queen in two days.
c0000532
So, while we await his report,
c0000533
I think it's best
to lie low in the city.
c0000534
All right.
c0000535
[SISBELL]
Here's the plan.
c0000536
Iska and I will stake out
the South Altolia station.
c0000537
If assassins are being sent in,
c0000538
they will likely arrive
by this railroad.
c0000539
A strategy that's equal parts
offense and defense, huh?
c0000540
-One thing...
-Yes.
c0000541
The assassins know my face.
c0000542
Here!
Put this on, and best of luck!
c0000543
[both giggle]
c0000544
And, lastly,
to complete the disguise.
c0000545
-Wow, Iska, you look cool!
-[laughing] Nice!
c0000546
Yeah, it gives you
an intellectual vibe.
c0000547
And what's my normal vibe?
c0000548
[train whistle blowing]
c0000549
Riesbarten terminal's
South Altoria station.
c0000550
We will be pulling
in there shortly.
c0000551
If Lady Sisbell
were to go into hiding,
c0000552
it would be in this city.
c0000553
Do you have any idea
of where she might go?
c0000554
If I did, this would be
much easier.
c0000555
But how?
c0000556
She locks herself away,
stays in her room.
c0000557
I don't know her habits at all.
c0000558
Not even what she eats.
c0000559
Cake? Or pudding?
c0000560
I have no clue.
c0000561
[MALE STATION ANNOUNCER 201A]
We are now arriving
c0000562
at the South Altoria station.
c0000563
-Please ensure that you have...
-[ALICE] Okay, let's go, Rin!
c0000564
Wait! Please!
c0000565
You know your baggage is rather
heavy, right, Lady Alice?
c0000566
It'll be quite the challenge.
c0000567
But we'll find
our little Sisbell.
c0000568
Perhaps we can rely on your
extraordinary luck to find her.
c0000569
After all, you bumped
into that swordsman so often
c0000570
it was nothing short
of uncanny.
c0000571
That was all just coincidence!
c0000572
But yes, it might be fun
to try to guess where Sisbell
c0000573
might randomly turn up.
c0000574
Like over there!
c0000575
Huh?
You're not serious.
c0000576
It's just a juice bar
you see in every terminal.
c0000577
[ALICE] With this many people
in here, it's so hot and humid.
c0000578
I think she'd want
to quench her thirst
c0000579
with a refreshing
juice beverage!
c0000580
And it couldn't hurt for us
to hydrate while we're there.
c0000581
Come on,
let's go scope out the place!
c0000582
Why the elaborate ruse?
Just say you want juice.
c0000583
I was just explaining why
I think she'd want one, too.
c0000584
[ALICE] Aw, too bad.
Guess she's not here.
c0000585
As I might have predicted.
c0000586
Well then, Lady Alice,
what would you like?
c0000587
Hmm, let's see.
c0000588
Ah, green smoothie.
c0000589
-'Scuse me.
-Banana juice.
c0000590
-Could I have one fresh
strawberry... -Ooh, a fresh
c0000591
-strawberry shake sounds nice,
or... -...shake and also...
c0000592
-Let's see.
-[ALICE] Right, got it.
c0000593
[TOGETHER] Melon soda
with special coconut ice cream,
c0000594
topped with fresh whipped cream
c0000595
and a swirl
of the enderflower syrup.
c0000596
Ah? Oh?
c0000597
Oh!
c0000598
-Hold on...
-It's you.